Frog	This animal is an amphibian that is known for its jumping abilities, croaking sounds, bulging eyes and slimy skin.
Snail	This animal has a brownish soft body, covered with slimy mucus and yellow or cream-colored shells with brown spiral stripes. It is a small mollusk, with a shell that has a sphere shape and a slightly rough surface, with about 4 or 5 spirals.
Cat	This animal typically has a long and lean body. It has a very long tail, sharp claws, and very tiny teeth. It is a fast and agile animal with the ability to climb and to jump. This animal meows.
Dog	This animal is the man's best friend. It has four legs and it barks. It often chases cats, and it may fetch a ball or stick.
Butterfly	This animal is a small, beautiful, flying insect with large scaly wings. Its body is covered by tiny sensory hairs. This animal is a very good flier. It has two pairs of large wings covered with colorful, iridescent scales in overlapping rows.
Elephant	This animal is the largest land animal on Earth. It has a characteristic long nose, or a trunk; large, floppy ears; and wide, thick legs.
Snake	This animal doesn’t have eyelids. It can’t bite food so it has to swallow it whole. It has flexible jaws which allow them to eat prey bigger than its head. It smells with their tongue, which helps them to navigate locally.
Squirrel	This animal is a nimble, bushy-tailed rodent found all over the world. It typically lives in wooded areas, since it prefers to live in trees. To prepare for cold months, it will bury its food in the ground or in trees.
Monkey	This animal mostly lives in trees, but sometimes it lives in savannas or mountain areas. Many people think that it just eats bananas, but that isn't true. It a very social creature. It also likes to play and cuddle.
Tiger	This animal is the largest member of the cat family. It sports long, thick reddish coats with white bellies and white and black tails. Its head, body, tail and limbs have narrow black, brown or gray stripes.
Giraffe	This animal is easy to identify with its long neck, skinny legs and distinctive spotted markings. It is the tallest mammal on earth. It uses its long neck to reach for leaves high in trees.
Rabbit	This animal is a small, furry, mammal with long ears, short fluffy tail, and strong, large hind legs. It has 2 pairs of sharp front teeth, one pair on top and one pair on the bottom. Using its powerful hind legs, this animal moves by hopping.
Lion	This animal has a strong, compact body and powerful forelegs, teeth and jaws for pulling down and killing prey. Its coat is yellow-gold, and a male animal has a shaggy mane that ranges in color from blond to reddish-brown to black.
Hedgehog	This animal is a carnivorous animal. The upper part of the animal's body is covered in sharp spines, which are used as a form of protection against predators. The underside of the animal is covered in a soft fur. The animal has a thin snout and beady black eyes, which gives him a cute appearance.
Panda	This animal has a distinctive black and white coat, with black fur around its eyes and on its ears, muzzle, legs and shoulders. Its thick, wooly coat helps to keep this animal warm in its cool mountain home.
